Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to speak about the before the elite event.
And as the names just's,
it executes amoebi a code before e sheet is deleted.
So I have created here a sheet called before delete event.
Okay,
I'm just going to right click and go to view code to go to the events for that sheet menace
elect worksheet here,
and then I'm going to select before delete to be my event.
I'm gonna delete this worksheet selection change event,
and we can have a message box Appear.
This is by boy,
for example.
Okay.
And I'm gonna close that if we delete the sheet here.
No,
you can see here that the code has not been executed yet.
When you click on delete.
Okay,
you will see,
actually,
that the message box will appear before that She disappears.
Okay,
So this is why it's called the before delete.
Because the could will be executed before deleting the sheep.
Okay.
So you can see here Message boxes appeared that she'd still exists.
You click.
OK,
She disappears.
I've never used this before.
Um,
not sure why you would want to use it.
Okay,
but,
um,
you know if you have an idea and there's something that you that this would be useful in in
a certain application in your work or so just let me know.
Be interested,
Thank you very much.